#### Round 1 Resources

* `Age_Specific_Coverage_Flu_RD1_2022_23_Sc_A_B_C_D.csv` simulates two levels of vaccine coverage in fall-winter 2022-2023 to be used in round 1. The data in this file provides two weekly cumulative coverages by state and adult and child age groups to apply to scenario A and B (110% of the 2020-21 flu campaign) and scenario C and D (90% of the 2020-21 campaign). Estimates are based on the reported coverage of the flu vaccine in the 2020-2021 fall season by month, state, and age. We used a Piecewise Cubic Hermite Interpolating Polynomial to generate weekly coverage estimates from monthly data. Dates have been shifted to reflect projection weeks in the 2022-2023 season. The data in this file can be used as is (no adjustment to coverage should be needed). Age groups can be collapsed based on provided pop sizes.

* `In-season-National-Burden.csv` shows national weekly real-time estimates of influenza burden provided by the CDC in the 2018-19 season, 2019-2020 season, and the 2021-2022 season. The data in this file provides estimates for weekly cumulative national deaths, national hospitalizations, national medically attended visits, and national symptomatic illnesses. Cumulative estimates are calculated since the start of each flu season on October 1st of each year (hence cumulative estimates are reset at zero each October). Using these cumulative estimates, weekly incident estimates, and rates per 100,000,  were calculated for each incident influenza outcome. This is not a full time series as estimates are only provided during the season (generally starting around week 50 in December, and throughout the late winter). Note that the hospitalization rates in this file have been adjusted for underreporting in the hospital, and are higher than in the HHS or flusurvnet dataset. The hospitalization rates in this dataset should not be used for the hospitalization target. The national death estimates in this file represent the death target.

* `Flusurvnet_2003_2022_dataset` is the regional and national data collected by the CDC’s Influenza Hospitalization Surveillance Network (FluSurv-NET) from 2003-2022. The data in this file provides the weekly laboratory-confirmed  hospitalization rates, incident and cumulative, by age group and region, nationally and for select states. This can be used as additional calibration file, but it does not have any of the targets.

* `HHS_flu_2020_2022_dataset` is the national and state-specific data collected by the HHS Protect Public Data Hub showing influenza lab-confirmed admissions in hospitals in 2020-2022. The data in this file provides estimates for weekly  flu admissions (derived from "previous-day_flu-admission"),   and in-patient flu deaths, as well as hospital coverages (no hospitals reporting each week) for each outcome. These data are updated daily on the HHS website and are the basis for the hospitalization target in rd 1.
